Within 10 minutes of it opening, I was there
[laughs], for sure.
And so, I’d trolley in with my suitcase
and connect with the people who were working there,
told them I was upstairs when they
had their break before everything opened up.
I’d go in, close the door, put my hands
on all the walls.
Take time.
Orient myself in terms of the directions and
set everything up.
And then I would open as soon as I could.
I had, like, a yoga mat, and water and juice
and things to kind of help people if they needed it.
And then, always had a shelf or something
— sometimes I would call it an altar — and
just have earth, air, fire, and water represented,
as well as, sort of, sensual things.
Things that you could use in, like, a small
sex ritual, like this thread.
So, if someone has a feeling or an understanding,
and they want to break a thread, or they want
to tie it around their ankle to remind themselves
of what they promised with me.
Tools, just physical tools.
My softest flogger.
And then I would hand-make paper, so people
could, like, write things down for themselves,
or I would write an affirmation, that sort
of thing that would help.
My smallest mirror [laughs], so people could
look at themselves when they were saying things
for themselves and feel more grounded.
The surface of the water, or a mirror, was
one of the oldest tools that practitioners have used.
Try to weave that in for femmes and for people
to be able to help themselves when they’re
dissociative, for example.
Sometimes I would offer things.
Like, give a Five-Fold Kiss.
It’s a pagan term.
And I’d kiss the feet.
You kiss the crotch area.
Kiss the chest, the mouth and the forehead.
It was a way to just help someone feel good
and protected, or comfortable enough to ask for more.
If someone was shy, I could offer a back hug,
so stand back-to-back.
Sometimes I would ask permission to take off
their shoes, and do that slowly and carefully
while listening.
Lightly hold their feet.
Touch pressure points in their feet.
Hold their ankles, you know, and talk about
grounding.
Sometimes someone would just come in and,
like, get right on the bed.
“I really need to try this.”
Or they would just start taking their clothes off.
Like, you just never know.
So, often people would come to the temple
and, like, one person was really, really excited,
and the other person was, like, excited-scared.
[laughs] Or like, more anxiety, right? Like...
And trying to figure out safe ways to open
to possibilities there, but with enough rules
and safety established.
Trying to figure out how to negotiate that.
So, a couple would come to me and be like,
“This one’s excited.
This one’s a little scared.
Here’s what’s going on with our bodies.
What can we do?”
So, then I would do something where I might
have them touch each other like this.
Put a cloth over and around their hands so
they could look each other in the eye and
breathe, and say the most sweet and wonderful
compliments to each other about who they are
in each other’s lives.
And then being able to say, “This is what
I wish for you on your time alone tonight.”
And then being able to hold them and initiate
sexual contact for each of them, with me and
through me, so that their times at the temple,
it didn’t just feel like it was, like, the first time.
So, even though there was, like, sometimes
pretty big line-ups, I'd try not to worry about them.
The point was to feel like we had as much
time as we needed.
Luckily, there was a double bed, even.
I was the one with the double bed.
I was really...
It’s the only double bed in the whole place.